Welcome back.
So today today we're actually going to start coding and I just dropped by Mausers I said that but oh
well I do believe that from this point onwards we will do nothing but actual code.
There's no one could be there.
I don't believe that there was any more need for talk about individual things that you see around you
here but rather instead we can focus primarily on the code itself.
So let's go ahead and begin the very first thing that we're going to do is replace this with a template
you are l.
Now you might wonder why on earth would we do that.
Well we want to actually have an HD M-L file somewhere else which we are going to upload from which
we are going to access from here.
Well maybe not access from here but we're going to give a path to it here.
We want to have a separate HDMI file where we can do the entirety of our HD m-L.
We do not want to be doing our HD M-L here although it is kind of possible I guess but it would be very
messy very inconvenient and quite frankly it would look very it would look terrific.
Imagine if he had like 50 lines each DML code here that would be like amazing.
So just go ahead select this line and press delete.
Gone forever.
Well not really compress control set to bring it back.
Yep there we go.
So its not gone forever but soon it will be anyway.
You type in template you are l and you of course need to actually provide the L to the given template.
Basically type in a Peepy slash APCP DOT COM component dot h DML and that should be our path.
Now you might want your source where.
Wait whoa.
I mean where on earth is this file.
Well you see this app folder on top you know the one where we actually remove things from.
Well now we're going to put things into it.
So just go ahead and right click on it and click on new file.
Now what will the name of this glorious new file be.
Well it's going to be KPP.
Here it's a backslash and then KPP again dot
component dot h d l and then press enter and there you go.
It's right there.
It's actually been spawned into existence.
Anyway we can go back to D.
Basically a BP component dot TS.
And here you can see that the path is actually matching except except for the backslash.
But don't worry about that.
That's just the that's just a Windows thing.
Everybody uses a slash.
For some strange reason God knows why they like to use a backslash.
But hey what can you really do about it.
We're going to go back to the HD.
And here we're going to go ahead and begin playing around.
Now almost all the MLS index is valid in an angular template except for these things.
So there are some exceptions which are not valid.
So script.
So this is not a valid tag.
You might say oh but wait we have it.
We look at how many script tags we have here how can you say it's not valid.
Well this is an index thought.
And this is something that we're going to you and repr component.
HMO is something that we're going to use as a template.
So these things are not valid syntax in a template but you can certainly use them in index that DML
otherwise it would pretty much be impossible to run this application.
So delete that and reason for this.
Why why are these not considered to be valid syntax.
Well it's for protection from script injection attacks usually script tags are just ignored.
Also tags.
As for example DML or body.
They don't really play.
They don't really have a useful role here.
I mean quite literally at all.
So we're going to go ahead and delete that.
However these tags do rule.
So if I type in age 1 and you see Adam is kind enough to render its aid to me and to give me suggestions
so I can type in my file my first and Giller to up there we go.
So the same thing which we have which we have had written before we have written now.
So this is definitely going to print out no big deal.
And we can even do this oh this is actually running well let's stop it from running.
Hey well keyboard seems to be not responsive at the moment.
Let's see how this is working out.
Loading.
It is a Wii.
But OK.
Look it says the same thing.
But what we have not done is actually saved anything.
So just control us on this one and.
Yes of course you need to press control.
And that should save it if it doesn't I'll just do it manually.
But I mean controllers should really work
and it says my first and killer app case so it still works.
Let's go ahead and change this old Just so you know that it's changed.
I would like to know this change as well.
Let's give it a paragraph and let's just say this is just an well this is this is definitely something
that will light up.
So just a standard paragraph.
This is what we would like to be printed out on the screen and control us again to save.
And there you go.
So this is something it does indeed.
It does indeed change so control it does work because sometimes on the VM and in Windows in general
things don't tend to work out the way I expect them to like to be certain of these things.
So anyway it says Heather one my first to my first angular to app as before.
And then you have a paragraph down below it says this is something
OK let's go ahead and see something else.
So interpellation for interpellation we use a double curly braces everything inside braces is evaluated
by angular and then converted to a string.
It can see this it can just do this and then I added salt
of one plus one is three.
I don't know it could be in some universe.
It's quite possible actually in my opinion anyway.
There you go control as they say.
Now we're going to go ahead and wait for it to see.
We just zoomed in.
There we go.
It says this is something and the result of one plus one is two.
Basically this is actually evaluated here and something is being done with this.
So it actually adds the two numbers and then it says to.
OK so the result is two which performs a metaphorical operation and then it prints out number two on
to the screen.
Samples that case something just broke in the apartment above me.
Not true if you actually heard that I have no idea what it could be but I don't really care.
Let's go ahead and move on.
Also interpellation the data binding happens precise to be more precise interpellation is just just
syntax and it is converted to property binding.
We will talk more about this a bit later on.
Actually we'll talk about this fairly soon but difficult to understand when you don't have at least
some prior knowledge.
But it's ok I will get to it fairly soon I just don't want to get into it straight away.
So I'm going to call historial in a moment.
But before I do I just wanted to just want to recap.
We have set the template you are raúl to a separate file which we have created and then we have created
HVM and then we have written out HD M-L code which in it as opposed to actually writing the HD M-L code
here.
This is purely for our convenience and not only our convenience but keep in mind that there will be
a lot of other people who will be reading your code and you will be working with a lot of other people
usually that's how it is.
You work with people on projects and it's good to segment things anyway farewell and we'll see each
other in the follow up.